# CBTC-Java-Internship
Task 1: Guess the Number -> The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
The targetNumber is randomly generated between 1 and 100 using Random.nextInt(100) + 1.
The program uses Scanner to get the user's guess.
The program provides feedback if the guess is too low or too high.
The user is allowed a maximum number of attempts (maxAttempts).
The game runs for a predefined number of rounds (rounds). Here we have 5 rounds.
Points are awarded based on the number of attempts used to guess the number correctly.
The final score is displayed at the end of all rounds.
The file can be easily compiled and run on cmd.

Task 2: BankY -> BankY is a simulation of a basic banking system that allows users to create accounts, deposit and withdraw funds, and transfer funds between accounts. This project provides an opportunity to explore fundamental concepts of object-oriented programming, data persistence using files or databases, and basic transaction handling. To access this you need to create a database first and replace your database username & password in the BankY.java and save it. After that create a database using MYSQL command line and enter these commands:
->  CREATE DATABASE BankY;
->  USE BankY;

->  CREATE TABLE accounts (
    accountId VARCHAR(255) PRIMARY KEY,
    name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    balance DOUBLE NOT NULL
    );

This will create the database that is needed for our simulation. After this go to the cmd:
Compile: javac BankY.java
Run: java Banky
Now you will be able to access this software.
Thankyou!
